"You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you." - Dale Carnegie
"Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves." - Dale Carnegie
"If you want to win friends, make it a point to remember them. If you remember my name, you pay me a subtle compliment you indicate that I have made an impression on you. Remember my name and you add to my feeling of importance." - Dale Carnegie
"Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners." - Dale Carnegie
"When dealing with people, let us remember we are not dealing with creatures of logic. We are dealing with creatures of emotion, creatures bustling with prejudices and motivated by pride and vanity." - Dale Carnegie
"Did you ever see an unhappy horse? Did you ever see bird that had the blues? One reason why birds and horses are not unhappy is because they are not trying to impress other birds and horses." - Dale Carnegie
"One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon-instead of enjoying the roses blooming outside our windows today." - Dale Carnegie
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare." - Dale Carnegie
"Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones tend to take care of themselves." - Dale Carnegie
"When we hate our enemies, we are giving them power over us: power over our sleep, our appetites, our blood pressure, our health, and our happiness. Our enemies would dance with joy if only they knew how they were worrying us, lacerating us, and getting even with us! Our hate is not hurting them at all, but our hate is turning our own days and nights into a hellish turmoil." - Dale Carnegie
"Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do." - Dale Carnegie
"Are you bored with life Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours." - Dale Carnegie
"Big shots are only little shots who kept on shooting." - Dale Carnegie
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Feeling sorry for yourself, and you present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have." - Dale Carnegie
"First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst." - Dale Carnegie
"If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done." - Dale Carnegie
"If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there and worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the loss of sleep." - Dale Carnegie
"If you want to win friends, make it a point to remember them. If you remember my name, you pay me a subtle compliment; you indicate that I have made an impression on you. Remember my name and you add to my feeling of importance." - Dale Carnegie
"Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie
"It is the way we react to circumstances that determines our feelings." - Dale Carnegie
"It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it." - Dale Carnegie
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all." - Dale Carnegie
"One of the most appalling comments on our present way of life is that half of all the beds in our hospitals are reserved for patients with nervous and mental troubles, patients who have collapsed under the crushing burden of accumulated yesterdays and fearful tomorrows. Yet a vast majority of those people would be walking the streets today, leading happy, useful lives, if they had only heeded the words of Jesus: "Have no anxiety about the morrow"; or the words of Sir William Osler; "Live in day-tight compartments." - Dale Carnegie
"Remember happiness doesn't depend on who you are or what you have it depends solely upon what you think." - Dale Carnegie
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"Tell me what gives a man or woman their greatest pleasure and I'll tell you their philosophy of life." - Dale Carnegie
"The ideas I stand for are not mine. I borrowed them from Socrates. I swiped them from Chesterfield. I stole them from Jesus. And I put them in a book. If you don't like their rules whose would you use" - Dale Carnegie
"The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore." - Dale Carnegie
"The past is where you learned the lesson. The future is where you apply the lesson Don’t give up in the middle!" - Dale Carnegie
"The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most." - Dale Carnegie
"There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it." - Dale Carnegie
"Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still." - Dale Carnegie
"You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind." - Dale Carnegie
