"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." - Coco Chanel
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand." - Randy Pausch
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude." - unknown
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." - Jim Rohn
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second-best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Unknown
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything." - Malcolm X
"I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.'" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama XIV
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything." - Malcolm X
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." - Albert Einstein
"Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever." - Peter Hagerty
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama XIV
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." - Ronald Reagan
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." - Maya Angelou
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." - Mahatma Gandhi
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle Onassis
"Be the change you want to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." - Helen Keller
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." - Marilyn Monroe
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell - you see, I have friends in both places." - Mark Twain
"I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens." - Woody Allen
"I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers." - Mahatma Gandhi
"I never forget a face, but in your case, I'll make an exception." - Groucho Marx
"I can resist everything except temptation." - Oscar Wilde
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches." - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
"I'm not a vegetarian because I love animals. I'm a vegetarian because I hate plants." - A. Whitney Brown
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go." - Oscar Wilde
"I think, therefore I am confused." - Woody Allen
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." - Oscar Wilde
"I'm not young enough to know everything." - J.M. Barrie
"I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by." - Douglas Adams
"I've had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it." - Groucho Marx
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." - Bill Cosby
"I'm not a politician. I'm a pro-freedom individual." - Ron Paul
"I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member." - Groucho Marx
"I'm a great housekeeper. I get divorced. I keep the house." - Zsa Zsa Gabor
"I am not eccentric. It's just that I am more alive than most people. I am an unpopular electric eel set in a pond of catfish." - Edith Sitwell
"I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I am not." - Kurt Cobain
"I can resist anything except temptation." - Oscar Wilde
"I don't believe in astrology; I'm a Sagittarius and we're skeptical." - Arthur C. Clarke
"I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good." - Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
"I have nothing to declare except my genius." - Oscar Wilde
"I have a memory like an elephant. In fact, elephants often consult me." - Noel Coward
"I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it." - Thomas Jefferson
"I am a deeply superficial person." - Andy Warhol
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." - African Proverb
"The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching." - John Wooden
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do." - Kobe Bryant
"It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination." - Albert Einstein
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"The greatest wealth is to live content with little." - Plato
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales." - Albert Einstein
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Happiness is a warm puppy." - Charles M. Schulz
"The only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
"The only thing we know for sure is that we know nothing at all." - Socrates
"The only true way to happiness is to live in the present moment and not constantly worry about the future or the past." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"The only source of knowledge is experience." - Albert Einstein
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." - Dr. Seuss
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." - C.S. Lewis
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." - J.M. Power
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will." - Vince Lombardi
"I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down." - Abraham Lincoln
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." - Steve Jobs
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new." - Socrates
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Dennis P. Kimbro
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"The only way to do great things is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future." - Steve Jobs
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it." - Marlon Wayans
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
"You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." - Brian Tracy
"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, and dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
"Success is not a destination, it's a journey." - Zig Ziglar
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estee Lauder
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it's the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place. Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish." - Brad Henry
"It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs." - Jillian Michaels
"Chase the vision, not the money. The money will end up following you." - Tony Hsieh
"Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties." - Helen Keller
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama XIV
"Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
"Believe that you will succeed, and you will." - Dale Carnegie
"If you don't build your dreams, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs." - Tony Gaskins
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." - Charles Darwin
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today." - Abraham Lincoln
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." - Dr. Seuss
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
"The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the story you keep telling yourself that you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"The true test of leadership is how well you function in a crisis." - Brian Tracy
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Happiness is not a destination, it's a journey. Happiness is not tomorrow, it is now. Happiness is not a dependency, it is a decision. Happiness is what you are, not what you have." - Zig Ziglar
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"Don't wait for opportunities, create them." - Roy T. Bennett
"Don't let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear." - Nelson Mandela
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"The most important thing in the world is family and love." - John Wooden
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - André Gide
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Mark Twain
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do." - John Holt
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them." - Steve Maraboli
"Don't wait for opportunity. Create it." - George Bernard Shaw
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will." - Vince Lombardi
"Food is not just fuel, it's information. It talks to your DNA and tells it what to do." - Dr. Mark Hyman
"One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well." - Virginia Woolf
"You don't need a silver fork to eat good food." - Paul Prudhomme
"Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all." - Harriet Van Horne
"Food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, craving and identity." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"The secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside." - Mark Twain
"Good food is the foundation of genuine happiness." - Auguste Escoffier
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Food, in the end, in our own tradition, is something holy. It's not about nutrients and calories. It's about sharing. It's about honesty. It's about identity." - Louise Fresco
"People who love to eat are always the best people." - Julia Child
"Cooking is all about people. Food is maybe the only universal thing that really has the power to bring everyone together. No matter what culture, everywhere around the world, people get together to eat." - Guy Fieri
"My weaknesses have always been food and men—in that order." - Dolly Parton
"Cooking is like painting or writing a song. Just as there are only so many notes or colors, there are only so many flavors—it's how you combine them that sets you apart." - Wolfgang Puck
"Food brings people together on many different levels. It's nourishment of the soul and body; it's truly love." - Giada De Laurentiis
"The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the steak to cook." - Julia Child
"I love food and feel that it is something that should be enjoyed. I eat whatever I want. I just don't overeat." - Tyra Banks
"If you are not feeling well, if you have not slept, chocolate will revive you. But you have no chocolate! I think of that again and again! My dear, how will you ever manage?" - Marquise de Sévigné
"Food is our common ground, a universal experience." - James Beard
"Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food." - Hippocrates
"You don't need a silver spoon to eat good food." - Paul Prudhomme
"Cooking is like snow skiing: If you don't fall at least 10 times, then you're not skiing hard enough." - Guy Fieri
"Food is not just eating energy. It's an experience." - Guy Fieri
"The most indispensable ingredient of all good home cooking: love for those you are cooking for." - Sophia Loren
"There is no love sincerer than the love of food." - George Bernard Shaw
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself that you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is. Self-knowledge has no end." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
"Chase your passion, not your pension." - Denis Waitley
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes." - William James
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough people get what they want in life." - Zig Ziglar
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"Success is a journey, not a destination." - Ben Sweetland
"Positive anything is better than negative nothing." - Elbert Hubbard
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." - Robin Williams
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." - Zig Ziglar
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It's because of them I'm doing it myself." - Albert Einstein
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me." - David Bailey
"In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision." - Dalai Lama
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." - W. Clement Stone
"Chase your dreams but always know the road that will lead you home again." - Tim McGraw
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes." - Andrew Carnegie
"Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Music can change the world because it can change people." - Bono
"Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart." - Pablo Casals
"Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife." - Kahlil Gibran
"Music is the soundtrack of your life." - Dick Clark
"Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence." - Robert Fripp
"Music is the universal language of mankind." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Music is the art which is most nigh to tears and memories." - Oscar Wilde
"Music is the medicine of the mind." - John A. Logan
"Music is the poetry of the air." - Jean Paul Richter
"Music is the strongest form of magic." - Marilyn Manson
"Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it." - Lou Rawls
"Music is the art which can most nimbly move the passions and induce the affections of the soul." - Plato
"Music is the shorthand of emotion." - Leo Tolstoy
"Music is the art of thinking with sounds." - Jules Combarieu
"Music is the harmonious voice of creation; an echo of the invisible world." - Giuseppe Mazzini
"Music is the expression of the movement of the waters, the play of curves described by changing breezes." - Claude Debussy
"Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God." - Martin Luther
"Music is the closest thing we have to a time machine." - Macklemore
"Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"Music is the art of sound in time that expresses ideas and emotions in significant forms through the elements of rhythm, melody, harmony, and color." - W. E. B. Du Bois
"Music is the electrical soil in which the spirit lives, thinks, and invents." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"Music is the soul of language." - Max Heindel
"Music is the purest form of art... therefore true poets, they who are seers, seek to express the universe in terms of music." - George Eliot
"Music is the key to the mystery of the universe." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Music is the only thing that makes sense anymore, man. Play it loud enough, it keeps the demons at bay." - Jojo Moyes
"Music is a world within itself, with a language we all understand." - Stevie Wonder
"Music is the great uniter. An incredible force. Something that people who differ on everything and anything else can have in common." - Sarah Dessen
"Music is the art of the soul, painted on a canvas of sound." - Danny Hargreaves
"Music is the voice that tells us that the human race is greater than it knows." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Music is the art of sounds in the movement of time." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything." - Plato
"Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life, bringing peace, abolishing strife." - Kahlil Gibran
"The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page" - Saint Augustine
"The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it" - Albert Einstein
"The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper" - Bertrand Russell
"The world is a beautiful place to be born into if you don't mind some people dying all the time or maybe only starving some of the time which isn't half so bad if it isn't you" - Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"The world is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel" - Horace Walpole
"The world is a fine place and worth fighting for" - Ernest Hemingway
"The world is not in your books and maps, it's out there" - J.R.R, Tolkien
"The world is a mirror, reflect back what you are" - Rumi
"The world is a great mirror, It reflects back to you what you are" - Thomas Dreier
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning" - Ivy Baker Priest
"The world is not a problem to be solved; it is a living being to which we belong" - Llewellyn Vaughan-Lee
"The world is a looking-glass, and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face, Frown at it, and it will in turn look sourly upon you; laugh at it and with it, and it is a jolly kind companion" - William Makepeace Thackeray
"The world is full of beauty, as other worlds above, And if we did our duty, it might be full of love" - Gerald Massey
"The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes" - Arthur Conan Doyle
"The world is not a wish-granting factory" - John Green
"The world is full of willing people; some willing to work, the rest willing to let them" - Robert Frost
"The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think" - Horace Walpole
"The world is a vast and intricate machine, and its workings are not always visible to the naked eye" - Robert Silverberg
"The world is like a mask dancing, If you want to see it well, you do not stand in one place" - Chinua Achebe
"The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it" - Will Foley
"The world is a fine place, worth the fighting for and I hate very much to leave it" - Ernest Hemingway
"The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing" - Albert Einstein
"The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast" - Oscar Wilde
"The world is not what it seems; it is infinitely better than that" - Richard Rohr
"The world is a beautiful place, but it's not always kind" - Adam Silvera
"The world is too small for us to be so divided" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The world is not in your hands, but it is within your reach" - Michael Jackson
"The world is but a canvas to the imagination" - Henry David Thoreau
"The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper" - W.B, Yeats
"The world is a great mirror; it reflects back to you what you are" - Thomas Dreier
"The world is a playground, and life is pushing my swing" - Natalie Kocsis
"The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it" - Albert Einstein
"The world is not interested in what we do for a living, What they are interested in is what we have to offer freely - hope, strength, love and the power to make a difference!" - Sasha Azevedo
"The world is a stage, and the play is badly cast" - Oscar Wilde
"The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only one page" - Saint Augustine
"The world is a great big canvas, and we should throw all the paint on it we can" - Danny Kaye
"If you want to change the world, change yourself." - Deepak Chopra
"The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement." - Helmut Schmidt
"Change yourself and you have done your part in changing the world." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The key to success is to start before you are ready." - Marie Forleo
"I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed." - Booker T. Washington
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another." - William James
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese proverb
"I'm always doing things I can't do. That's how I get to do them." - Pablo Picasso
"In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first." - Jimi Hendrix
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
"I never dreamed about success, I worked for it." - Estée Lauder
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." - African proverb
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take." - Lewis Carroll
"If you're not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you're determined to learn, no one can stop you." - Zig Ziglar
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"In any given moment we have two options: to step forward into growth or to step back into safety." - Abraham Maslow
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it." - Pablo Picasso
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott
"The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do." - Unknown
"If you want to change the world, change yourself." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." - Steve Jobs
"The only way to get better is to surround yourself with people who believe in you." - Unknown
"There is no substitute for hard work." - Thomas Edison
"Success is a journey, not a destination." - Ralph Arbitelle
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." - Malcolm X
"No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself." - Madonna
"The only way to do good work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." - Steve Jobs
"Chase the vision, not the money; the money will end up following you." - Tony Hsieh
"You have to dream before your dreams can come true." - A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
"You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight." - Jim Rohn
"I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them." - Pablo Picasso
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"We don't develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity." - Barbara De Angelis
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Don't wait for opportunities, create them." - Unknown
"Your only limit is the amount of action you take." - Tony Robbins
"The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Chinese Proverb
"Be the type of person you want to meet." - Unknown
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." - David Brinkley
"I never lose. I either win or learn." - Nelson Mandela
"The best investment you can make is in yourself." - Warren Buffett
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Plato
"I think, therefore I am." - René Descartes
"The unexamined life is a life without meaning." - Julian Baggini
"All that we are is the result of what we have thought." - Buddha
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde
"The only way to deal with fear is to face it head-on." - James Dyson
"The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"We must be the change we wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"To be conscious of being, you need to reclaim consciousness from the mind." - Eckhart Tolle
"Life is a journey, not a destination." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them." - Mother Teresa
"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced." - James Baldwin
"To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates, a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity, and trust." - Henry David Thoreau
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." - Aristotle
"We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"The only true way to deal with fear is to face it head-on." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself." - Joseph Campbell
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." - Carl Jung
"The only people who never fail are those who never try." - Ilka Chase
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." - Helen Keller
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
"You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist." - Indira Gandhi
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them." - Carl Jung
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience." - Teilhard de Chardin
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"The measure of intelligence is the ability to change." - Albert Einstein
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"It's not about the cards you're dealt, but how you play the hand." - Randy Pausch
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"There is nothing permanent except change." - Heraclitus
"The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits." - Albert Einstein
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are." - Anais Nin
"We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far." - Swami Vivekananda
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others." - Nelson Mandela
"The only way to do good work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." - Christopher Columbus
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit." - Aristotle
"The mind is everything; what you think, you become." - Buddha
"The only true way to happiness is by finding that which is meaningful and purposeful in your life." - Viktor Frankl
"To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It's not about winning and losing; it's about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge." - Summer Sanders
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas A. Edison
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek." - Barack Obama
"A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination." - Nelson Mandela
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive but those who can best manage change." - Charles Darwin
"We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us." - Joseph Campbell
"Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not." - Ursula K. Le Guin
"Morning is an important time of day because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have." - Lemony Snicket
"Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life." - Yoko Ono
"Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." - Buddha
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love." - Marcus Aurelius
"The early morning has gold in its mouth." - Benjamin Franklin
"I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up." - Benjamin Franklin
"The sun is a daily reminder that we too can rise again from the darkness, that we too can shine our own light." - S. Ajna
"Morning is wonderful. Its only drawback is that it comes at such an inconvenient time of day." - Glen Cook
"Every morning, I wake up saying, 'I'm still alive, a miracle.' And so I keep on pushing." - Jacques Cousteau
"Morning is an invitation to give of ourselves to others." - Pope Francis
"The morning was full of sunlight and hope." - Kate Chopin
"I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning." - Robert Duvall
"Morning without you is a dwindled dawn." - Emily Dickinson
"Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." - Jack Kornfield
"Morning is a time of reflection. We must contemplate the day's possibilities before we dive into them." - Michelle Ryan
"Morning is an opportunity to begin again, to make the most of each day, to live with purpose and intention." - Oprah Winfrey
"Every morning I wake up and thank God." - Aaron Neville
"I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning." - Jonathan Swift
"The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." - Paul Valery
"Life is a daring adventure or it is nothing." - Helen Keller
"Life is a flower of which love is the honey." - Victor Hugo
"Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot." - Charlie Chaplin
"Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more." - Tony Robbins
"The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction, not a destination." - Carl Rogers
"Life is too short to waste time hating anyone." - Steve Jobs
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Søren Kierkegaard
"Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce." - Vivian Komori
"The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Helen Keller
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"Life is a journey to be experienced, not a problem to be solved." - Winnie the Pooh
"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well." - Jack London
"The purpose of our lives is to give birth to the best which is within us." - Marianne Williamson
"Life is a precious gift. Use your days wisely." - Robin Sharma
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like." - Lao Tzu
"Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain." - Vivian Greene
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit." - Nelson Henderson
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well." - Jack London
"Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once." - Lillian Dickson
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it." - Unknown
"Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations." - Oliver Goldsmith
"Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it." - Sai Baba
"If you want to have new ideas, you need to have a lot of old ideas." - Linus Pauling
"The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas." - Linus Pauling
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
"You can't solve a problem on the same level that it was created. You have to rise above it to the next level." - Albert Einstein
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge." - Stephen Hawking
"If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old." - Peter Drucker
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
"Don't be afraid of new ideas. Be afraid of old ideas. They keep you where you are and stop you from growing and moving forward." - Unknown
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - Albert Einstein
"The most successful people are those who are good at plan B." - James Yorke
"The greatest ideas are the simplest." - William Golding
"The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible." - David Ogilvy
"Innovation is taking two things that already exist and putting them together in a new way." - Tom Freston
"Every problem is an opportunity in disguise." - John Adams
"To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart." - Thomas J. Watson
"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'" - Isaac Asimov
"Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity, not a threat." - Steve Jobs
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"The most dangerous phrase in the language is, 'We've always done it this way.'" - Rear Admiral Grace Hopper
"If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results." - Tony Robbins
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is." - C. S. Lewis
"The future starts today, not tomorrow." - Pope John Paul II
"The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create." - Leonard I. Sweet
"We cannot predict the future, but we can invent it." - Dennis Gabor
"The future is not an inheritance, it is an opportunity and an obligation." - Bill Clinton
"The future is not a gift, it is an achievement." - Robert Kennedy
"The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed." - William Gibson
"The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on." - Barack Obama
"The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory." - Howard Zinn
"The future is not about what we can do, it's about what we can become." - Michelle Obama
"The future is something you build by yourself, brick by brick." - Laura Ng
"The future is scary, but you can't just run back to the past because it's familiar. Yes, it's tempting, but, it's a mistake." - Robin Williams
"The future is not some place we are going to, but one we are creating. The paths are not to be found, but made. And the activity of making them changes both the maker and the destination." - John Schaar
"Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow." - Robert Kiyosaki
"The future is always beginning now." - Mark Strand
"You cannot change your future, but you can change your habits, and surely your habits will change your future." - Abdul Kalam
"The future is not something to be feared but rather something to be embraced with curiosity and wonder." - Jennifer N. Smith