"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." - Coco Chanel
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand." - Randy Pausch
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude." - unknown
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." - Jim Rohn
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second-best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Unknown
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"Be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything." - Malcolm X
"I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.'" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama XIV
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything." - Malcolm X
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." - Albert Einstein
"Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever." - Peter Hagerty
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama XIV
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." - Ronald Reagan
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." - Grandma Moses
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." - Maya Angelou
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." - Mahatma Gandhi
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle Onassis
"Be the change you want to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." - Helen Keller
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." - Marilyn Monroe
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches." - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go." - Oscar Wilde
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." - Bill Cosby
"I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I am not." - Kurt Cobain
"I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it." - Thomas Jefferson
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." - African Proverb
"The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching." - John Wooden
"It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination." - Albert Einstein
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"The greatest wealth is to live content with little." - Plato
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales." - Albert Einstein
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"The only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
"The only thing we know for sure is that we know nothing at all." - Socrates
"The only true way to happiness is to live in the present moment and not constantly worry about the future or the past." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"The only source of knowledge is experience." - Albert Einstein
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." - Dr. Seuss
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." - C.S. Lewis
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." - J.M. Power
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will." - Vince Lombardi
"I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down." - Abraham Lincoln
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new." - Socrates
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future." - Steve Jobs
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it." - Marlon Wayans
"You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." - Brian Tracy
"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, and dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
"Success is not a destination, it's a journey." - Zig Ziglar
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estee Lauder
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it's the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place. Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish." - Brad Henry
"It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs." - Jillian Michaels
"Chase the vision, not the money. The money will end up following you." - Tony Hsieh
"Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties." - Helen Keller
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama XIV
"Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
"Believe that you will succeed, and you will." - Dale Carnegie
"If you don't build your dreams, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs." - Tony Gaskins
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." - Charles Darwin
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today." - Abraham Lincoln
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the story you keep telling yourself that you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"The true test of leadership is how well you function in a crisis." - Brian Tracy
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Don't wait for opportunities, create them." - Roy T. Bennett
"Don't let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear." - Nelson Mandela
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"The most important thing in the world is family and love." - John Wooden
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - André Gide
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Mark Twain
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do." - John Holt
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them." - Steve Maraboli
"Don't wait for opportunity. Create it." - George Bernard Shaw
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will." - Vince Lombardi
"You don't need a silver fork to eat good food." - Paul Prudhomme
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food." - Hippocrates
"The most indispensable ingredient of all good home cooking: love for those you are cooking for." - Sophia Loren
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is. Self-knowledge has no end." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough people get what they want in life." - Zig Ziglar
"Positive anything is better than negative nothing." - Elbert Hubbard
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." - Robin Williams
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." - Zig Ziglar
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It's because of them I'm doing it myself." - Albert Einstein
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me." - David Bailey
"In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision." - Dalai Lama
"Chase your dreams but always know the road that will lead you home again." - Tim McGraw
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes." - Andrew Carnegie
"Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy." - Ludwig van Beethoven
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart." - Pablo Casals
"Music is the medicine of the mind." - John A. Logan
"The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page" - Saint Augustine
"The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it" - Albert Einstein
"The world is a fine place and worth fighting for" - Ernest Hemingway
"The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it" - Will Foley
"The world is a fine place, worth the fighting for and I hate very much to leave it" - Ernest Hemingway
"The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing" - Albert Einstein
"The world is a great mirror; it reflects back to you what you are" - Thomas Dreier
"The world is a great big canvas, and we should throw all the paint on it we can" - Danny Kaye
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The key to success is to start before you are ready." - Marie Forleo
"I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed." - Booker T. Washington
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another." - William James
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first." - Jimi Hendrix
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
"I never dreamed about success, I worked for it." - Estée Lauder
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take." - Lewis Carroll
"If you're not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you're determined to learn, no one can stop you." - Zig Ziglar
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"In any given moment we have two options: to step forward into growth or to step back into safety." - Abraham Maslow
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it." - Pablo Picasso
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott
"The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do." - Unknown
"If you want to change the world, change yourself." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." - Steve Jobs
"The only way to get better is to surround yourself with people who believe in you." - Unknown
"Success is a journey, not a destination." - Ralph Arbitelle
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." - Malcolm X
"No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself." - Madonna
"You have to dream before your dreams can come true." - A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
"You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight." - Jim Rohn
"I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them." - Pablo Picasso
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"We don't develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity." - Barbara De Angelis
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Your only limit is the amount of action you take." - Tony Robbins
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." - David Brinkley
"I never lose. I either win or learn." - Nelson Mandela
"The best investment you can make is in yourself." - Warren Buffett
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan
"I think, therefore I am." - René Descartes
"All that we are is the result of what we have thought." - Buddha
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde
"The only way to deal with fear is to face it head-on." - James Dyson
"The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"We must be the change we wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced." - James Baldwin
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." - Aristotle
"We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"The only true way to deal with fear is to face it head-on." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself." - Joseph Campbell
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." - Carl Jung
"The only people who never fail are those who never try." - Ilka Chase
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
"You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist." - Indira Gandhi
"A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them." - Carl Jung
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"It's not about the cards you're dealt, but how you play the hand." - Randy Pausch
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"There is nothing permanent except change." - Heraclitus
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others." - Nelson Mandela
"You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." - Christopher Columbus
"The mind is everything; what you think, you become." - Buddha
"The only true way to happiness is by finding that which is meaningful and purposeful in your life." - Viktor Frankl
"To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It's not about winning and losing; it's about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge." - Summer Sanders
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas A. Edison
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination." - Nelson Mandela
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive but those who can best manage change." - Charles Darwin
"We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us." - Joseph Campbell
"Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not." - Ursula K. Le Guin
"Morning is an important time of day because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have." - Lemony Snicket
"Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life." - Yoko Ono
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love." - Marcus Aurelius
"Morning is an invitation to give of ourselves to others." - Pope Francis
"Morning is a time of reflection. We must contemplate the day's possibilities before we dive into them." - Michelle Ryan
"Morning is an opportunity to begin again, to make the most of each day, to live with purpose and intention." - Oprah Winfrey
"The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." - Paul Valery
"Life is a flower of which love is the honey." - Victor Hugo
"Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more." - Tony Robbins
"The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction, not a destination." - Carl Rogers
"Life is too short to waste time hating anyone." - Steve Jobs
"The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Helen Keller
"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well." - Jack London
"The purpose of our lives is to give birth to the best which is within us." - Marianne Williamson
"Life is a precious gift. Use your days wisely." - Robin Sharma
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like." - Lao Tzu
"Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain." - Vivian Greene
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit." - Nelson Henderson
"Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once." - Lillian Dickson
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations." - Oliver Goldsmith
"Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it." - Sai Baba
"If you want to have new ideas, you need to have a lot of old ideas." - Linus Pauling
"The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas." - Linus Pauling
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
"You can't solve a problem on the same level that it was created. You have to rise above it to the next level." - Albert Einstein
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge." - Stephen Hawking
"If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old." - Peter Drucker
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - Albert Einstein
"The most successful people are those who are good at plan B." - James Yorke
"The greatest ideas are the simplest." - William Golding
"The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible." - David Ogilvy
"Innovation is taking two things that already exist and putting them together in a new way." - Tom Freston
"Every problem is an opportunity in disguise." - John Adams
"To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart." - Thomas J. Watson
"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'" - Isaac Asimov
"Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity, not a threat." - Steve Jobs
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results." - Tony Robbins
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create." - Leonard I. Sweet
"We cannot predict the future, but we can invent it." - Dennis Gabor
"The future is not a gift, it is an achievement." - Robert Kennedy
"The future is not about what we can do, it's about what we can become." - Michelle Obama
"The future is something you build by yourself, brick by brick." - Laura Ng
"Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow." - Robert Kiyosaki
"The future is always beginning now." - Mark Strand
"You cannot change your future, but you can change your habits, and surely your habits will change your future." - Abdul Kalam
"You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you." - Dale Carnegie
"Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves." - Dale Carnegie
"If you want to win friends, make it a point to remember them. If you remember my name, you pay me a subtle compliment you indicate that I have made an impression on you. Remember my name and you add to my feeling of importance." - Dale Carnegie
"Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners." - Dale Carnegie
"When dealing with people, let us remember we are not dealing with creatures of logic. We are dealing with creatures of emotion, creatures bustling with prejudices and motivated by pride and vanity." - Dale Carnegie
"Did you ever see an unhappy horse? Did you ever see bird that had the blues? One reason why birds and horses are not unhappy is because they are not trying to impress other birds and horses." - Dale Carnegie
"One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon-instead of enjoying the roses blooming outside our windows today." - Dale Carnegie
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare." - Dale Carnegie
"Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones tend to take care of themselves." - Dale Carnegie
"When we hate our enemies, we are giving them power over us: power over our sleep, our appetites, our blood pressure, our health, and our happiness. Our enemies would dance with joy if only they knew how they were worrying us, lacerating us, and getting even with us! Our hate is not hurting them at all, but our hate is turning our own days and nights into a hellish turmoil." - Dale Carnegie
"Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do." - Dale Carnegie
"Are you bored with life Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours." - Dale Carnegie
"Big shots are only little shots who kept on shooting." - Dale Carnegie
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Feeling sorry for yourself, and you present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have." - Dale Carnegie
"First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst." - Dale Carnegie
"If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done." - Dale Carnegie
"If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there and worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the loss of sleep." - Dale Carnegie
"If you want to win friends, make it a point to remember them. If you remember my name, you pay me a subtle compliment; you indicate that I have made an impression on you. Remember my name and you add to my feeling of importance." - Dale Carnegie
"Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie
"It is the way we react to circumstances that determines our feelings." - Dale Carnegie
"It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it." - Dale Carnegie
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all." - Dale Carnegie
"One of the most appalling comments on our present way of life is that half of all the beds in our hospitals are reserved for patients with nervous and mental troubles, patients who have collapsed under the crushing burden of accumulated yesterdays and fearful tomorrows. Yet a vast majority of those people would be walking the streets today, leading happy, useful lives, if they had only heeded the words of Jesus: "Have no anxiety about the morrow"; or the words of Sir William Osler; "Live in day-tight compartments." - Dale Carnegie
"Remember happiness doesn't depend on who you are or what you have it depends solely upon what you think." - Dale Carnegie
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"Tell me what gives a man or woman their greatest pleasure and I'll tell you their philosophy of life." - Dale Carnegie
"The ideas I stand for are not mine. I borrowed them from Socrates. I swiped them from Chesterfield. I stole them from Jesus. And I put them in a book. If you don't like their rules whose would you use" - Dale Carnegie
"The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore." - Dale Carnegie
"The past is where you learned the lesson. The future is where you apply the lesson Don’t give up in the middle!" - Dale Carnegie
"The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most." - Dale Carnegie
"There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it." - Dale Carnegie
"Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still." - Dale Carnegie
"You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
"You are the best! Believe it!" - your mind